what's up you to viens I I just wanted
to see how it felt to
we're really saggy pants and to show my
drawers and I just really want to touch
in this video again just I mean on this
subject again just because maybe people
were misinterpreting what I was saying
in the past video like I think people
showing the ass and sexy no it's not but
for the fun of it
here iam with a big old shirt that I got
from this just bathroom Black Lagoon
it's a long T this is it
here are some shorts you can't really
see that well let me adjust myself here
okay here's some shorts and I'm going to
thank him just a little bit no way I
think this is hardly weird I'm right
maybe a little bit lower I could do this
on the bus stop today he's like this
because he knew good damn well the long
teeth was just at his shorts and he
talked at home to shit like this and I
said what the fuck did he lift his arms
or whatever he was doing and now
obviously is this and I said yeah and I
try to walk around in this this is not
seem comfortable let me show you
where they fall in that see that's why
see that's what he always work like this
like yeah you know that yeah yeah that's
because they told me pants nicely glad
y'all really good or whatever this is
that some of y'all may think ring ways
now so oh my god
that sans appearance this fucking love
how in the hell is this comfortable
somebody please tell me how do you find
this comfortable sexy appealing oh cool
like it feels all for like seriously
little bit my pants professors walk
normal
look look I'm walking going you see my
pants just falling right they just
father you can't even walk normal like
this again I gotta love pajama pants of
course I don't have no bucks and it was
like did you put them right here at your
but it's kind of like you know you gotta
give all I got why I walk you know just
so you have to kind of step or whatever
you know but if you close your legs and
try to walk it ain't gonna work I don't
know maybe it's because of dick and
balls in between or something but I know
you have two abnormally have your legs a
little bit wider to keep your pants up
then you gotta run it's wet
you see my pants came down so then he
said I swear to goodness when I was at
the bus stop I mean I was looking at
this bus stop where it was like a whole
bunch of young teens and do it was just
like pants at his knees and I just said
there is no way he's comfortable like oh
he's not be he comfortable and I just
get it but like I said about those laws
when everybody's in different world
different states where they're throwing
people in jail for a pants saggin and
that's just ridiculous honestly and
truly if we're gonna be putting people
in jail we might as well throw the rest
of these people that do stuff that I
find indecent like a federal stomach
hanging out somebody wearing cellulite
should have a cellulite never real short
short or you know somebody with really
saggy belly taught me it means really
sexy baby tummy and they wearing a
midriff like people wearing tacky
clothes I mean they charge go to jail
but since we want to get a subject that
pants second pants and he's like shirts
off on me and in some certain places all
right decent how about just write him a
ticket just like they do the indecent
exposure on the shirts how about a
ticket not throwing in jail don't worry
ass in jail it's a bit much even though
I don't like the shit like I said I
don't like sagging pants one more time
cuz you guys did not understand I don't
think sagging pants aren't attractive in
any form when you just look like you are
duck walking down the street better
you're a penguin it's okay to have
bagginess to your pants but when I see
your whole ass there's a problem and yes
they should write tickets for such
behavior going in jail that's a negative
who needs to be going to jail because of
their clothes that's stupid st. I should
probably get to work out of it all right
that's all I want to really say about it